shut up what the hell else is in here
grandpa a robber really fashionable one
yeah was he like a Mexican Ron's like
hey give me your yo thought goes in your
burritos dude wait up so you never told
me why your grandpa blamed you for your
grandma's death well she kind of died of
a heart attack too
hey grandma check out this awesome site
I found it's called two girls one cup I
would too girls need one wonder why he
has his handle for his hat well
obviously it's that you could go like
this two girls one cup what's this
I think my grandpa might have been
pregnant oh my god he even got the value
pack this one was only $1 because he
probably it probably came like five so
in case he got pregnant five times he
was kind of frisky yes he was he was
quite the man-whore yeah he always
thought you were gay why look at you
you've got really well groomed hair he's
got a purse
oh sweet what's inside it oh my god I
think my grandpa went on Honey I Shrunk
the Kids what happened to this VHS tape
no no how is he supposed to watch home
alone did he stick it in the dryer so
now let's go find that treasure okay
sure your dad had two purses is my
grandpa think here in your grant well
they looked exactly the same they're
pretty much the same age Oh God
dear God oh dear God dude it's a it's a
Taco Bell dog he says like hey dude is
that Spanish for like yum yum I'm a dog
well he had a ring I think he's gonna
propose to my grandma but my grandma
died so I guess I can keep it now
score that's probably worth like five
bucks
yeah get it gonna buy some Taco Bell
tacos for my ideas is wax
it's it's
you want me to pour it on you yes I want
you to make molds of my nipples
everybody wants a mold of your nipples
as you know my grandpa had a bottle of
Jack you must have listened to a lot
Kesha yeah hey I think you slept with
her once well who happened yeah I maybe
that's how he died sweet there's one of
those things where you open up your
mouth and do that and it gives you a
treat yeah it's one of those pain it
must be all out of cheese let me try it
come on hey what are you watching in
there oh are you watching what are you
watching what do they do you know he's
an archaeologist what do you think it
tastes like tastes like rock this is
like Mars tastes like well he had a
receipt in here I wonder what he buy see
what he bought 24 pack of condoms Magnum
24 condoms but only five pregnancy
things your grandpa was quite the
risk-taker and that's been a phantom and
magnum p.i some Magnum condoms and some
rope to force what do you think this is
it's a silly clown hat yeah that's funny
clowns are funny man with your grandpa
on rope he's a rope collector uh-oh you
know what my grandpa's a rope enthusiast
too
you should have seen the rope he has the
kindest man yeah sometimes he has like
random people that are like like I don't
know if they like displaying the rope or
something and the Rope must be like
really really like abrasive because they
always have cuts on them and they're
always like crying out for help
yeah all right guys I'm gonna get a lap
dance from my grandma your grandpa died
guns yeah I wonder if they're real oh
dude why why'd you shoot me you shot me
me
it doesn't hurt
Matt to see some sweet-ass seldom
motivators click the link below me I
love me some bacon